In this example, the system consists of 3 x 5 x 5 supercell of Lithium Iron Phosphate
(LFP/LiFePO4) solid crystalline structure with one Lithium vacancy near the centre. A
periodic boundary condition is allowed for all three dimensions. On this system, TPMD 
is performed for 7 temperature steps, from 300 K to 900 K with a regular increment of 
100 K after every 60 ps. The expected kinetic pathways in this example is a hop of 
Lithium vacancy to adjacent Lithium position across b - channel (i.e. along y-axis).

The files included in this directory are: 

355.cs.lfpvac		atomic structure file
in.lfp			LAMMPS input information script
parameters.txt		file to be used in FPT analysis
random.txt		list of 1000 random numbers
README			this file
submit.sh		server job submission file to big simulation
work.sh			creates multiple trajectories as required by
			TPMD analysis code
			
-------------

Edit these two files submit.sh and work.sh based on your computational 
facilities compatibility. First, edit the work.sh file. 

To create a thousand trajectories, one needs to run the for loop from {1..1000}
in line 3 of work.sh. Also, you can create this 1000 trajectories over multiple 
turns like first only a hundred {1..100}, then next 100 {101..200}, and so on till 
1000 {901..1000}. The submit.sh is specifically written for a server at Computer
Aided Design Lab. You must replace the file and concurrently replace the
corresponding name in lines 6 and 14 of work.sh or remove the file and comment
the line by prefixing "#" at lines 6 and 14. This action is totally based on your
scheme of running LAMMPS simulations on your computational facility, for more 
information, check for working of bash commands. One can do it by typing
"[command] --help" in the Linux terminal. 

One more important function of work.sh is to copy one random number from random.txt
and replace the word "seed" in in.lfp file with that random number. It ensures
that each trajectory will have different initial velocities to produce distinct 
trajectories.  

Make sure your terminal directory address is the same as the directory of this file.
Now make work.sh an executable file by submitting this command in the terminal
"chmod +x work.sh". Now the trajectory creation step is ready to execute, you
can do it with a "./work.sh" do it by command in the terminal. 

-------------

The above steps will generate all the trajectory files data in this directory. For
next step you will have to copy all the distinct trajectory data to "trajectories"
sub-directory of "tpmd_toolkit" which is the parent directory of "examples".

-------------
You can also achieve all this by doing the above actions for generating trajectories
within the "trajectories" sub-directory mentioned above. To do this, you have to copy 
files required for LAMMPS and the files for executing this process to that location.
These files are 355.cs.lfpvac, in.lfp, random.txt, submit.sh, and work.sh.
Then you can edit and execute the files as described above.

-------------
After ensuring all the trajectories are correctly arranged in "trajectories"
directory, copy the parameters.txt file to "tpmd_tookit" directory or edit the 
default parameters.txt present there referring to the same file in this
directory.

Check the "tpmd_toolkit" directory to understand further steps in the analysis
process.
			
