In this example, the system contains there silver adatoms placed on the silver 
slab.A TPMD is performed for 7 temperature steps, from 300 K to 900 K with
a regular increment of 100 K after every 30 ps. The expected kinetic pathways 
in this example are atomic hops of three silver adatoms changing their initial
trimer configuration.

The files included in this directory are: 

ag.txt			atomic structure file
Ag_u3.eam		force field parameter file
in.agtrimer		LAMMPS input information script
parameters.txt		file to be used in FPT analysis
random.txt		list of 1000 random numbers
README			this file
submit.sh		server job submission file to big simulation
work.sh			creates multiple trajectories as required by
			TPMD analysis code
			
-------------

Edit these two files submit.sh and work.sh based on your computational 
facilities compatibility. First, edit the work.sh file. 

To create a thousand trajectories, one needs to run the for loop from 
{1..1000} in line 3 of work.sh. Also, you can create this 1000 trajectories over
multiple turns like first only a hundred {1..100}, then next 100 {101..200}, and so 
on till 1000 {901..1000}.The submit.sh is specifically written for a server at 
Computer Aided Design Lab. You must replace the file and concurrently replace the
corresponding name in lines 6 and 14 of work.sh or remove the file and comment the 
line by prefixing "#" at lines 6 and 14. This action is totally based on your scheme
of running LAMMPS simulations on your computational facility, for more information, 
check for working of bash commands. One can do it by typing "[command] --help" in
the Linux terminal. 

One more important function of work.sh is to copy one random number from random.txt
and replace the word "seed" in in.agtrimer file with that random number. It ensures
that each trajectory will have different initial velocities to produce distinct 
trajectories.  

Make sure your terminal directory address is the same as the directory of this file.
Now make work.sh an executable file by submitting this command in the terminal
"chmod +x work.sh". Now the trajectory creation step is ready to execute, you
can do it with a "./work.sh" do it by command in the terminal. 

-------------

The above steps will generate all the trajectory files data in this directory. For
next step you will have to copy all the distinct trajectory data to "trajectories"
sub-directory of "tpmd_toolkit" which is the parent directory of "examples".

You can also achieve this by doing the above process of generating trajectories
within the "trajectories" directory. To do this, you have to copy files required for
LAMMPS and the files for executing this process to that location. These files are
ag.txt, Ag_u3.eam, in.agtrimer, random.txt, submit.sh, and work.sh. Then you can edit
and execute the files as described above.
			
-------------

After ensuring all the trajectories are correctly arranged in "trajectories"
directory, copy the parameters.txt file to "tpmd_tookit" directory or edit the 
default parameters.txt present there referring to the same file in this
directory.

Check the "tpmd_toolkit" directory to understand further steps in the analysis
process.
